food, good food
time, quick
taste, good taste
sauce, good sauce
service, good service 
wait, quick
price, not expensive...
drink, good drink
flavor, good flavor
server, good service
waitress, good service
meat, good meat
long, quick
waiter, good service
sweet, sweet
roach, clean
salad, good salad
spicy, spicy
staff, good service
manager, good manager
tip, good service
fresh, fresh
dry, greasy
kitchen, clean
full, large portion 
clean, clean
line, quick
rude, good service
style, style
cheap, cheap
amount, large amount
greasy, greasy
tasty, tasty
spoon, clean
napkin, clean
chef, good food
fast, quick
friendly, friendly
salty, bland
dirty, clean
decor, decorate
smell, smell good
rat, clean
quickly, quick
disgust, clean
gross, clean
delicious, delicious
cost, not expensive
attitude, good service
dessert, good dessert
spice, spicy
quick, quick
atmosphere, good atmosphere
late, quick
tiny, big
takeout, takeout
expensive, not expensive
texture, good texture
tasteless, good taste
slow, quick
bathroom, clean
overcook, good food
variety, variety
cash, accept cash
fat, not greasy
edible, good food
apologize, good service
plain, attractive
cashier, good service
color, colorful
heat, warm
flavorless, flavorful
soft, soft
hair, clean
sticky, sticky
overprice, not expensive
dark, bright
raw, well cooked
management, good service
chewy, chewy
crowd, spacious
burn, well cooked
oily, not greasy
flavorful, flavorful
wash, clean
health, healthy
grease, not greasy
garbage, clean
traditional, traditional
temperature, warm
tender, tender